# :memo: JournalBot
## Write some fake news.
&nbsp;  
### What is JournalBot?
JournalBot is a barebones [Node](https://nodejs.org) app which creates some ML text in response to user input.  I slapped this sandbox together to play around with [DeepAI's API](https://deepai.org/apis).  There are currently two functions:
1. JournalBot -- The original.  Takes a headline and generates a news story.
1. SummaryBot -- Takes long-form text as input and picks out the key ingredients (headline-ification, if you will)
&nbsp;  
### Dependencies
- [Node.js & npm](https://nodejs.org)
- [DeepAI API Key](https://deepai.org/)
&nbsp;  
### Setup
- Install Node.js
- Create an account on DeepAI's website and make note of your API Key
- Clone this repo
- Create a copy of `config.sample.json` and name it `config.json`
- Add your API Key into `config.json`, replacing the `get-your-own` text with your API key
- Run `npm install`
&nbsp;  
### Running the App
- `cd` into the repo directory
- Run `npm run start`
- The app will spin up a webserver which you can access in a browser at `localhost:3000`

`localhost:3000` will load JournalBot
`localhost:3000/summarize` will load SummaryBot
&nbsp;  

### Examples
Examples of content generated by JournalBot are available in the [Examples](examples/news_article_examples/) directory.

_DISCLAIMER:
Please note, all content was produced by a DeepL Neural Net. Names, characters, places and incidents are products of the bot’s "imagination" and are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental._

### Contributing
Since this is a personal sandbox, I'm not really looking for contributors.  Feel free to fork this repository for your own purposes, though!
&nbsp;  
###### Disclaimer: The headline is a joke. Fake news is bad, please don't use this code for malicious purposes.
